
h2. Attribution

This is basically an English translation of the Japanese plugin developed by the "Shibuya Trac":http://sourceforge.jp/projects/shibuya-trac/ project - I've cleaned up a few things but the bulk of the work is theirs.

h2. About

The GanttCalendar plugin adds ticket Gantt chart and calendar functionality to Trac. It is licensed under the "new BSD license":http://www.opensource.org/licenses/bsd-license.php .

h2. Requirements

This plugin is only compatible with Trac version 0.11 and above - 0.10 users will need to upgrade. The install instructions provided will only work if you have ez_setup installed - see the "TracPlugins wiki": http://trac.edgewall.org/wiki/TracPlugins if you have any problems.

h2. Installation

Use git to checkout the plugin from our repository :

{% highlight bash %}
> git clone git://recursive-design.com/gantt-calendar.git
{% endhighlight %}

Then use 'easy_install' to install it :

{% highlight bash %}
> python setup.py bdist_egg
> sudo easy_install dist/TracGanttCalendarPlugin-0.1-py2.4.egg
{% endhighlight %}

If you don't have ez_setup installed, see the "TracPlugins wiki": http://trac.edgewall.org/wiki/TracPlugins for installation instructions

h2. Configuration

To configure the plugin, you first need to add it to the _[components]_ section in _trac.ini_ :

{% highlight python %}
[components]
ganttcalendar.ticketcalendar.ticketcalendarplugin = enabled                                                                              
ganttcalendar.ticketgantt.ticketganttchartplugin  = enabled
{% endhighlight %}

Next, you need to configure Trac to display a couple of extra fields in the ticket page :

{% highlight python %}
[ticket-custom]
complete         = select
complete.label   = % Complete
complete.options = 0|5|10|15|20|25|30|35|40|45|50|55|60|65|70|75|80|85|90|95|100
complete.order   = 3
due_assign       = text
due_assign.label = Start (YYYY/MM/DD)
due_assign.order = 1
due_close        = text
due_close.label  = End (YYYY/MM/DD)
due_close.order  = 2
{% endhighlight %}

The start & end date fields should be inputted in the format _YYYY/MM/DD_. You can make these fields a little more user-friendly using the "datefield plugin":http://trac-hacks.org/wiki/DateFieldPlugin .
